Statement of Purpose
Byeongchan Gwak


I have been working for Korea Securities Depository (KSD) since 2007; for my remarkable achievement, KSD will fully sponsor and financially support me while I pursue my MS degree. I would like to improve my software architecture related skills during the Master of Science degree at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Especially, I would like to mainly focus on software design methodologies, such as Design Patterns & Analysis, and practice relevant development processes like Agile. Afterall, I want to make my KSD system fascinate with newly trend Software Design Methodologies. In this Statement of Purpose, I would like to highlight my motivation and qualifications based on my solid background and work experience, and my MS research plans.
I first encountered computers in elementary school, and since then, I have never doubted that computers are my way. When I was in middle school, I had already assembled computers for my acquaintances, and from high school I was interested in programming language C, so I taught myself. It may be common now, but in the early 1990s, I was one of the rarest students. In the end, my interest in computers led me to the Computer Science at POSTECH, one of the best universities in Korea. During my undergraduate study at POSTECH, I developed a solid background in programming and software design. Because I believed that good software is from strong programming skills, my coursework was primarily focused on programming languages, such as C/C++ and JAVA, as well as data structures and algorithms. And the Software Design Methods class impressed me a lot. I was able to learn how to proceed with a large project rather than an individual project, and what design rules can be followed in order for the software to be reused. While studying in college, I realized that my interest was in software reuse.
I have accumulated a lot of experience as a developer for over 13 years at the KSD company I joined after graduation. KSD is a company that plays the same role as DTCC in the United States, and it acts as a back office for stock trading. After joining the company, I was surprised that a lot of programs each implemented similar sources. Since I had been familiar with optimization and reusable program, I refactored those programs for the system optimization. Thus, the programs are organized into modules that can be reused and eliminated many duplicates. And there were so many repetitive manual tasks. I implemented each task into a batch program and then made a system so that users could call them This improvement drastically reduced the workload. Throughout these experiences, I improved my software design and management skills and ability of problem solving.
In recognition of this ability, I participated as a project leader in the development of an electronic security system called E-SAFE. Electronic securities is a large business that converts existing real securities into digital, and it took a long time of 3 years to analyze and develop. Since KSD is the only institution in charge of issuing securities in Korea, high reliability was an essential requirement. To achieve this, I changed the design and the structure of the system. Except for commonly used logic, I designed the system to have decreased functional dependency by separating it as simple domain units, but with low abstraction. Because of this design, developers could independently and simultaneously develop each service page, which surprisingly shortened the development time. The changed system structure increased modifiability so that enabled operators could easily change the function of service page without fully understanding the system for maintenance.
As a reward for the successful development of system for electronic securities, I was honorably selected as the recipient of the full financial support for my MS. My future mission in KSD after completing the MS degree is, as a software architect, to design and lead the replacement of the enterprise information system (with a budget of 50 billion dollars and 200 developers). The aforementioned experiences have led me to design processes from various viewpoints, such as utilizing member’s skillsets, project characteristics, maintenance, and analysis design based on business logic. Keeping this in mind, I would like to highlight that my desire is for the MS to focus on the methodology which enables one to efficiently develop software, the practice which is related to architecture including architecture pattern, the improvement of development methods such as SOA and MDA, and the methods which support automatic code generation and testing, by undertaking related courses and projects with the professional advice of the faculty and fellow research teams. For this reason, I would be honored to do my MS under the professional guidance of Professor Sam Malek or Professor Andre van der Hoek.
I strongly believe that I am a well-prepared candidate for my MS in terms of my strong motivation, firm background and solid experiences, and clear vision. After successfully completing my MS at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, I will return to KSD, and contribute to develop and operate my company’s new information business.
Thank you very much for your time and attention.






Statement of Purpose
Jung Bom Pak


I have been working for Korea Securities Depository (KSD) since 2009; for my remarkable achievement, KSD will fully sponsor and financially support me while I pursue my MS degree. I would like to improve my software architecture related skills during my Masters of Science degree in xxx at the University of California, Irvine. Especially, I would like to mainly focus on software design methodologies, such as Model Driven Architecture (MDA), and practice relevant development processes like Agile. In this Statement of Purpose, I would like to highlight my motivation and qualifications based on my solid background and work experience, and my MS research plans.
I acquired a strong motivation for studying software architecture through two years of Samsung Mobile Embedded Software development experience at Begin and Develop Co., Ltd (BND). There, I developed software for feature phones; especially, my main work was focused on real-time OS for feature phone (REX) porting, development of a bootloader and other applications, such as phonebook. At that time, the phone feature market required the fast launch of products which resulted in the absence of detailed software design because of a short development period and frequent changes to product features. The lack of design caused many defects and side effects which caused me difficulty to complete the development. This experience enlightened the importance of a mature software development process, and I pledged to be such a mature software architect.
During my BE studies at Yeungnam University, I developed a solid background in programming and software design. Because I believed that good software is from strong programming skills, my coursework was primarily focused on programming languages, such as C/C++ and JAVA, as well as data structures and algorithms. Because of a successful commitment, I achieved A’s for all those courses. In addition, the experience at BND encouraged me to take courses related to software engineering and capstone design courses, from which I received A+ for those courses.
I had learned through competing in a software competition in my junior year that the skillset of project participants is important to successfully complete a project. During the project, as a project leader, I designed a system and its overall development process, and experienced embedded programming in a limited computing environment. My team developed a real-time position detection system in a limited area. The system development was based on a node which operated in a Ubiquitous Sensor Network (USN) with Zigbee communication systems and Tiny-OS, which is a limited operating system different from Windows and Linux. Our team had a difficult time to complete the development because most team members did not have software development experience. Nevertheless, with a full commitment from all members, our team placed 4th overall. This project enabled me to acknowledge that the skillset of project members plays a crucial factor in the software development process.
I had experienced the entire software development process through the development of a performance test system of guided missiles funded by LIG Nex1, a defense company in South Korea. I designed the whole software architecture, developed a program with MFC to control the embedded device equipped with the missile radar module by using parallel communication in real-time, and also designed a relationship database schema. In the design process, I chose a prototype model methodology, because the project was a research project and system users were not familiar with the software development process. The process enabled one to change the system design which was essential due to changing requirements after analyzing and reviewing outputs at every milestone. The developed software was deployed for testing the HAESUNG torpedo in LIG Nex1. Because of the successful completion of the project, I received tuition and living expenses for the remaining three semesters.
I experienced both the management and maintenance of the enterprise information system at KSD, which enabled me to view the software development process from both design and maintenance viewpoints. KSD, like the US DTCC, plays a role as the hub for the back office of the capital transactions of Korea, and connects many financial institutions to support complex capital markets. In spite of careful design, the system had encountered many issues, such as financial environment changes in actual operation. This required the systems to process large amounts of data with high stability, which made system optimization the most crucial factor. Because I had been familiar with optimization through embedded software development experiences, I refactored a batch program for the system optimization. To manage the refactored batch software, I suggested a software impactful (based on dependency evaluation) solution which was accepted by KSD and their issue management systems. I spent five-years maintaining the enterprise information system which improved my software design and management skills and successfully resolving issues.
I applied the Domain Driven Design (DDD) practice to the development of e-vote (the Internet-based voting system) as a project leader with more than 80 developers. Since e-vote was the only system to support an online shareholders' general meeting in South Korea that was open to the public, high reliability was an essential requirement. To achieve this, I changed the design and the structure of the system. Except for commonly used logic, I designed the system to have decreased functional dependency by separating it as simple domain units, but with low abstraction. Because of this design, developers could independently and simultaneously develop each webpage, which surprisingly shortened the development cycle such that it was financially equal to about a saving of one hundred thousand dollars. The changed system structure increased modifiability so that enabled operators could easily change the function of webpages without fully understanding the system for maintenance. This system has operated well, and was selected as a best practice.
As a reward for the successful development of e-vote, I was honorably selected as the recipient of the full financial support for my MS. My future mission in KSD after completing the MS degree is, as a software architect, to design and lead the replacement of the enterprise information system (with a budget of 50 billion dollars and 200 developers). The aforementioned experiences have led me to design processes from various viewpoints, such as utilizing member’s skillsets, project characteristics, maintenance, and analysis design based on business logic. Keeping this in mind, I would like to highlight that my desire is for the MS to focus on the methodology which enables one to efficiently develop software, the practice which is related to architecture including architecture pattern, the improvement of development methods such as SOA and MDA, and the methods which support automatic code generation and testing, by undertaking related courses and projects with the professional advice of the faculty and fellow research teams. For this reason, I would be honored to do my MS under the professional guidance of Professor Sam Malek or Professor Andre van der Hoek.
I strongly believe that I am a well-prepared candidate for my MS in terms of my strong motivation, firm background and solid experiences, and clear vision. After successfully completing my MS at the University of California, Irvine, I will return to KSD, and contribute to develop and operate my company’s new information business.
Thank you very much for your time and attention.





