Dear Graduate Admissions Committee,

I have been watching Mr. Gwak for more than 10 years as his immediate boss and colleague at the Korea Securities Depository (KSD). it is my great pleasure and honor to recommend Mr.Gwak to your graduate program. KSD has chosen him for the full-time Master's Degree sponsorship because the company recognized his remarkable contribution, and he will distinctly improve KSD in the future.

First of all, he has an excellent understanding of business and IT development. He is the best software engineer of an securities issuance system. After he took on the job, the stock issue was $1.7 trillion in 2020, more than double the amount of 2007 he joined the company, and the number of shareholders managed by the KSD stood at 23 million in 2020, six times more than 3.7 million in 2007. This is because he has successfully carried out IT projects so that he can accommodate a variety of industry changes and new businesses. 

He also has promoted the development of the entire company by sharing his programs, scripts, and methodologies to streamline IT development. These things, such as the multi log-gathering utility which accelerates debugging by unifying distributed logs, are now an integral part of our company, and are still actively in use today. I am confident that this is proof of his in-depth knowledge of computer science and endless eagerness to gain new technologies.

Moreover, he is very friendly and always gets along well with our team. We once had to work on weekends to do system test for e-Securities, and we were very tired of having endless discussions with outsourcing companies, but he still showed his composure and tried to cheer us up with a lot of jokes. His positive actions relaxed us and made us prepare for next test sets. Even though he could feel tired, he always cared of us more than himself.

I guarantee that he has an outstanding work capacity, initiative, and academic passion. So I certainly recommend him for further education at your university, where he would become equipped with strong theoretical IT knowledge. If you have any questions I can answer about Mr.Gwak's exceptional record with our company, please do not hesitate to contact me. I am already expecting what innovations he will bring back after his triumphant return from school.

Sincerely yours,

Youngbin Jo,
Department Manager,
Korea Securities Depository