To whom it may concern;

I am writing this letter to recommend Minjeong Kim. My name is Sang Hyeok Jeon and I’m currently a direct supervisor of Minjeong Kim at Deposit IT Service Team of Korea Securities Depository (KSD) and was her senior at the first team she joined at KSD. Compared to other qualified managers, I believe that Minjeong is in top 1% and the fact that she received the Full-Time MS Sponsorship from the company proves it. Please allow me to tell you about her professional strengths. Securities service works are mostly IT related assignments, so they require strong IT knowledge and insight. Minjeong has managed IT service works for almost 18 years, showing progressive attitude and client-oriented perspective. She also has been a role model for
junior employees by pursuing improvements every second. Probably, we couldn’t earn fame as an IT expert, without her endless effort. She also contributed to making stable income by continuously establishing new systems to handle complex financial products.

Now, I would like to tell you about her character and integrity. She has bright and outgoing personality. Due to the nature of our IT works, we often have to stay overnight. However, she never lost her smile but threw some jokes to cheer up the atmosphere. She often brought snacks to the team, so we could enjoy our short break at night. Also, she got some principles. She doesn’t even ignore small errors because she believes that a small mistake can cause huge systematic casualty.
 
She is very friendly and always gets along well with our team guys. We once had to work on weekends to do system test for e-Securities, and we were very tired of having endless discussions with outsourcing companies, but she still showed her composure and tried to cheer us up with a lot of jokes. Her positive actions relaxed us and made us prepare for next test sets. Even though she could feel tired, she always cared of us more than herself.

When she was selected as the sponsorship beneficiary, we talked about her future and what she should earn from the MS program. I advised her that she should widen her IT knowledge to contribute to achieving the KSD’s missions. For example, we are planning to apply AI technology to some of our systems, so if she learns about it, it will help reduce IT outsourcing cost. If she is equipped with strong theoretical IT knowledge, she will be able to propel as a future leader of KSD.

I have to confess that I'm somewhat concerned about the loss of my team due to her leave, but I completely support and agree with the company's decision to give her this opportunity for further growth. All things considered based on my experiences with Minjeong, I have a strong confidence with that she will do great jobsin your MS course as a student who has high potential to accomplish outstanding academic achievements. If you have more questions on my evaluation of Minjeong, please feel free to contact me via email. I appreciate your attention.

Truly Yours,
Sang Hyeok Jeon
KOREA SECURITIES DEPOSITORY