Dear University of Pittsburgh School of Computing and Information,

It is my great pleasure to recommend the applicant, Mrs. Minjeong Kim, to your School of Computing and Information. My name is Yeong Min Jang and it has been 17 years since we
entered the company in the same year, and I was her direct supervisor in the task force team for the e-Securities Development. Though we are currently working in different teams,
we have kept intimate relationship. Based on my experiences with her, I will fairly evaluate her professional and personal aspects so that you can have holistic view on her
qualifications for admission.

First of all, Mrs. Kim is very analytical, and I believe that it is stemmed from her educational background. Ewha Woman’s University is a top-tier university in Korea and she completed
Master’s program there. She is good at applying her knowledge to the project she is in charge of. For example, when she was collaborating with Korea Exchange, she found
different data between two organizations and promptly fixed the errors in KSD’s internal data with her keen analysis. Also, she successfully created e-securities by extracting target items
from entire KSD’s issue codes, and this could never be easy without her deep knowledge. Surely, she was self-motivated and accordingly initiated various research activities to put
over the project.

Second of all, the applicant has strong responsibility so I do not worry when I assign works to her. When we launched a task force team to establish a new e-Securities System, every
selected TF member worried because they had their own duties on top of newly given duties for TF. I never heard she complained but kept working to finish her duties. Given her
circumstance, being a working mom of two kids, I was quite surprised the way she fulfilled her both work and family duties. I think this was also the time I realized her patience and
persistence.
 
Last not least, Mrs. Kim has wonderful interpersonal skill. I never saw anyone who does not like to work with her because she is always positive, is a good listener, and sincere advisor
to her colleagues. I think that this is why everyone cheered for her when she received the company Full-Time MS sponsorship. Her merit has also enabled her to receive prompt
support from related departments when needed. I highly admire her interpersonal skill. I am really happy that Mrs. Kim received the company Full-Time MS sponsorship because
she often told me that she wants to update her educational knowledge as the world is changing fast. As she earned the chance, I hope she utilizes this chance to improve her
qualities for both KSD and herself. I would like to re-assert my strong recommendation for her. Thank you very much.

Sincerely,
Yeong Min Jang
Senior Manager, Securities Registration IT Service Team
IT Service Department, Korea Securities Depository