Dear Graduate Admissions Committee,

As the Chief Technology Officer of Korea Securities Depository (KSD) and an individual who
has been watching Mr. Seungjoon Kim for more than ten years, it is my great pleasure and honor
to recommend Mr. Kim to your graduate program. KSD chose him for the full-time Master's Degree
sponsorship because the company recognized his remarkable contribution, and he will distinctly
improve KSD in the future.

First of all, his prominent understanding of business and development of IT systems is invaluable. He is the chief software engineer of an international securities system, the most
extensive and rapidly changing business in our company. After he took on the job, the transaction amount recorded $96 billion in 2017, which is ten times more than $9 billion in 2009. This is
because he has successfully carried out IT projects so that he can accommodate a variety of industry changes and new businesses. In addition to this, his specific goals for implementing
artificial intelligence into our company, which he showed in his sponsorship application, moved the judges, including myself.

Most importantly, he is a self-motivated individual. He has performed several seminars on various topics including academic, business, and technology. For example, in the recent workshop
on the analysis of the blockchain's cutting-edge technology and its influence on our company, which he conducted as the main speaker, his academic passion and astonishing analytical ability
have been confirmed. Although many colleagues have been interested in the blockchain, its association with our company having been described in various articles, no one has a deep
understanding of it because of the technical difficulties and complexity. However, he has voluntarily studied and participated in related conferences, and presented a workshop on it. By
presenting a recent case of the blockchain implementation on distributed ledger technology, he has shown a strikingly deep understanding of the theory as well as how to convey his ideas to 
others. In QA time, he was able to answer questions that seemed a little distant from the topic without interruption, and later he sent out an email with a detailed explanation.

Although not directly responsible, he has promoted the development of the entire company by sharing his programs, scripts, and methodologies to streamline IT development. These things,
such as the multi log-gathering utility which accelerates debugging by unifying distributed logs, are now an integral part of our company, and are still actively in use today. I am confident that this is proof of his in-depth knowledge of computer science and endless eagerness to gain new technologies.

I guarantee that he has an outstanding work capacity, initiative, and academic passion. So I certainly recommend him for further education at your university, where he would become
equipped with strong theoretical IT knowledge. If you have any questions I can answer about Mr.Kim's exceptional record with our company, please do not hesitate to contact me. I am already
expecting what innovations he will bring back after his triumphant return from school.

Sincerely yours,
In Joo Kim,
CTO,
Korea Securities Depository