Letter of Recommendation for Seungjoon Kim

Dear Admissions Committee,

I have absolutely no reservations about recommending Seungjoon Kim to University of Colorado Boulder. I have known him for over 11 years since he joined Korea Securities Depository. Also, it has been a pleasure to be Seungjoon's direct supervisor since 2014. Because he is one of the most exceptional colleagues I ever met. I believe that his sophisticated services for both the company and the community came from his perceptive, enthusiastic, and intellectual traits.

As one of the closest people who has watched him lately, Seungjoon has always shown significant performance in his work. In particular, his extraordinary insight and creative ability to solve problems are the best, as compared to all other colleagues. Once, there was a severe problem with another person's work during the absence of the primary person in charge. Although other people could not find a way to resolve the crisis, he was able to determine the cause of the problem with only a small piece of information about it, and he prevented the loss of an important customer. Later, when I asked him privately, he answered that he had figured out the logic of the program at a glance and turned the simulation on his head to find a solution.

Seungjoon's addiction to improving processes is famous within the company. He steadily focused on how to reduce manual labor and processing time, enhancing overall performance. He also actively studied the cases of foreign financial institutions in order to seek out and fix areas for improvement. Especially, I was surprised by his introducing Straight-through Processing (STP), which no one had thought before. STP reduced manual operations to one-third by automatically matching responses from other institutions. As a result, the company was able to use the rest human
resources to develop new business. His enthusiasm for new knowledge drove those achievements.

He also excels in cooperation with others. Due to the nature of his work, he has often collaborated with global financial institutions such as Citibank, Euroclear, and skillfully exchanged opinions with them via local meetings, teleconferences, and e-mails. In the recent project, which carried out with Citibank and Shinhan Investment, a local securities company, there was a conflict between them. Citibank did not yield to accept an exceptional case for Shinhan. So Seungjoon had to mediate the situation, and he persuaded Citibank by showing advantages that include possible business expansion for other domestic participants. Based on his excellent communication skills, he successfully completed the cooperative project.

Seungjoon's personal strengths are as significant as his professional accomplishments. He has an active, outgoing presence in group activities. As a member of the company club, "Ball Lovers," which consisted of people who love sports with balls, Seungjoon has presided over events several times. His dedication always encouraged the participation of others and ensured that club events were going smoothly. Before the events, he prepared every necessary item under any possible circumstances. During the events, he demonstrated his friendliness and energy by meticulously checking the progress of the activities. These actions have always led to successful events.

Due to him being the most skilled manager of the international securities settlement in the company, I was worried that if I were to let him go, I would have problems with his work after he left. However, after the company selected him for the sponsorship, I watched as he taught his successor. So my anxieties have been abated after checking his systematic training and detailed documentation.
Given the various advantages mentioned above, I am confident that he is the talented person who can satisfy the needs of you and your university. He has my highest recommendation without reservation. I will be pleased to answer any additional questions you may have. Please send an e-mail if you have further questions.

Sincerely,
Si-Hyung Park,
Team Leader, Global & Fund IT Service Team,
Korea Securities Depository.