Dear whom it may concern,

My name is Hyungjoo Kim, and I am the director of the IT headquarters in the Korea Securities Depository (KSD). I have been working with Mr. Pak for six years as a team leader, and two years as a CIO. I am pleased to write this recommendation letter for Mr. Jung Bom Pak.

First, he is one of the best software engineers that I have ever seen during my 25 years at KSD so far. Therefore, I am honored and would strongly recommend Mr. Pak to your school. I have known him as a team leader since 2009, when he started in KSD as a new employee. He conducted the maintenance of our company's information system and automation safekeeping system and the development of an electronic voting system in our department. During these tasks, I was able to see his outstanding skills in software development. He understood the complicated information system without difficulty, and he clearly understood and practiced his mission.

Our company's information system is the backbone of Korea’s financial infrastructure. It is connected with numerous financial institutions not only in Korea but also in the world, and exchanges data with each other. Needless to say, our information systems need to run reliably and seamlessly, and these complex systems must operate in optimally efficient ways. Mr. Pak managed this large, complex system without causing any problems, and proposed many solutions to improve the system performance. Not only did he keep the system stable, he was also aggressive in improving the system and performing remarkably well. For example, in the case of Lehman Brothers in the United States, financial markets around the world had fluctuated and made many changes in the financial markets. Many financial institutions had asked many requests to our company, and our computing system was not prepared to accept all requests. However, Mr. Pak has demonstrated his remarkable ability to optimize our computer program, thereby dramatically increasing the processing power of the computer system. He also proposed an appropriate response system to deal with these changes, and KSD has been able to overcome the crisis.

Our company acquires an automated vault system. The vault stores all the security documents and gold in Korea and the size of vault is about 4 stories above from a ground, and everything is controlled electronically. As one of our special systems, the required technology from managing this system is different from managing information systems. As our company is a public institution, the company's employees are managed by the government. We cannot hire as many people as we want, and always suffer from shortage of manpower. Therefore, hiring developers to manage the automation safes was always delayed, and this old system was a problem. But surprisingly, Mr. Pak has also been excellent at the development and management of embedded systems such as the automation vault system as well as those of information systems. I entrusted him with the maintenance of our automated vault system, and he was able to resolve the problems of our old automated vault system, and we were able to successfully improve the system. In addition, I plan to improve this system to an Internet-based web system based on his advice, and I am looking forward to his support at the improvement project. He has a great ability to identify the entire system and propose appropriate directions for it. I also recommended him as a project leader of our company's electronic voting system development project, and he made excellent progress on the project. He is a type of person who is active and has a strong passion for what he has done. He also brings a positive energy around him. 

Based on the above, I believe he will successfully complete the MS program from your school. For this reason I strongly recommend him to your school.

Thanks for your time and attention.

Best regards,
Hyungjoo
