Dear whom it may concern,

My name is Jangsang You from Korea Securities Depository (KSD). I am a director of IT service department and I am pleased to recommend Mr. Jung Bom Pak to your school. Mr. Pak is affiliate with KSD as a member of Deposit IT Service Team in IT Service Department, and I have been working with him for three years. As a person who is in charge of the department, I believe I know him very well to provide accurate and truthful references to you.

I first met him as the same sponsor in the KSD’s social activity which supported deficient children in 2010, and I have worked with him as his boss since 2014. He already worked in a related field for more than five years at that time, and he was performing well in his work. He was excellent at analyzing and designing software in a real-world business, and I entrusted him with some of the role of software architecture related to our information system management. His main role was to guide and participate in the development of the entire system's software structure when software was added to or updated in to our information systems. He successfully completed those missions. As a financial company, we have a very high complexity information system. So it was very common for our financial business to be further developed in the system or to modify existing programs, and it was important that these changes were well managed. Mr. Pak identified the importance of the change management, and proposed an issue management system such as JIRA to our company and actually made it work. In these projects, I saw his skills as a software development project leader and assigned him as a leader to other projects. 

Our company has all the securities in Korea and plays a role of fulfilling shareholder rights instead. There are about 8 million shareholders in Korea, and about 3,000 companies are registered in Korea's KOSPI / KOSDAQ market. Most of these issuers are headquartered in Seoul. Approximately 80% of shareholders hold a shareholders' meeting in March. In reality, it is impossible for shareholders to attend the general shareholders’ meeting. For this reason, the need for an electronic voting system to represent shareholders' rights has emerged. In 2014, I developed this electronic voting system as a project manager. 8 million shareholders were forced to accept intensive connections on a specific day of March, and they needed stability to accommodate their diverse PC environment. I have assigned Mr. Pak as a project leader who has a lot of experience in developing software architecture design to meet the requirements of the system. He knew clearly about the system requirements and conducted his job in a proper manner. He clearly understood that the electronic voting system will be mainly used by commoners rather than a computer expert. Therefore, he designed the system as easily and clearly as possible. He also designed to quickly respond to changes in requirements, which shortened the development period by three months.

His achievements during the project were outstanding. He had the ability to figure out what the user needs to do with the software, and he proposed the appropriate alternatives to the business people who were not a computer expert. He was also an expertise to design the entire system, and showed great talent for programming. Our company is currently in the process of converting legacy securities into electronic securities. When this task is completed, we will experience a big change in our business. As a result, we plan to do a next-generation system development project that will change the entire information system of our company around 2019-2020 when the electronic securities project is completed. I will be placing Mr. Pak into the software architecture for this project, and he will be responsible for automating the creation of source code and outputs.

I strongly believe he will complete master's course excellently from your school. As I mentioned above, he has an outstanding talents and abilities in the field of software development, and he is actively committed to his responsibilities. I strongly encourage you to give him an admission, which not only benefits him, but also your school will benefit from his successful rare experience.
